Investor Forum Website Proposal

    Independent investors need a website that they can use to get investment ideas and refine investment 
methodology. This site would allow investors to communicate with each other and get stock market information 
via an API. This site will mostly be used by new investors, but also some experienced investors interested 
in spreading their wisdom. Features of the website will include user registry and login, mock stock portfolios,
and message board posting.

    The user registration form will be created in WTForms and include a username, password, re-enter password, 
and email. This information will be sent to a users table in the investor database. The password will be 
encrypted using Bcrypt. A separate login form will also be created which will include username and password.
Logins will be handled using session data. Users will also have a feature to view their profile page and delete
their account.

    On the user's profile page, they have the ability to create a mock stock portfolio. The user will request
data for the portfolio via a form created with WTForms. The data will be retried from Alpha Advantage API via
python. I have already acquired an Alpha Advantage API key and have tested API requests using insomnia. The
API docks include python specific instructions. The mock API will be based on historical data, so the user will
pick a start date and end date for each stock within the API. Stock data from Alpha Advantage goes back 20 years,
so that will be a limitation. The website will display data on each stock as well as initial investment amount
and ending investment value. Portfolio entries will be saved in the database under a portfolios table. The table
will include id, user_id, name, symbol, start_date, end_date, start_price, end_price. The user_id column will
be linked with the user table with a foriegn key.

    There will also be a page on the website where users can read and make posts. I am hoping to also add a
feature where users can post stock market data within their posts, though I'm still thinking through how that 
will work. Forum posts will be stored in the database with a table called posts. The table will include id, 
user_id, and message. (perhaps another column or two if I figure out adding stock market data) The user_id
column will be linked with user table with a foriegn key.

    If I have more time, I'd like to also add some investment tools for the mock portfolio. Something like
periodic investment amounts, withdrawals, rebalancing, etc. Those features may require additional API calls.


